New docs section to explain how to setup test environment for Custom Applications (#2587)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: website/src/content/api-reference/application-config.mdx

</Warning>

<Info>

> You can use different `entryPointUriPath` values per deployment to mimic having multiple environments of the same Custom Application.

Reviewer: Nit: I would maybe rephrase this a bit, to avoid wrong expectations.

```suggestion
Even though the `entryPointUriPath` is a unique identifier of a Custom Application, and thus should be defined statically in the source code, it can also be defined "dynamically" via environment variables using the environment placeholders.

This can be the case when having to deploy the Custom Application to different environments.
```

Author: Perhaps we want to link the "using environment placeholders" to [the section we explain this part](http://localhost:8000/api-reference/application-config#using-variable-placeholders)?

Reviewer: Sure, good idea 👌

Author: Updated in this commit: f3ad4c9d5cf870b5787c36dcf77634b9f88b7051

</Warning>

<Info>

> Even though the `entryPointUriPath` is a unique identifier of a Custom Application, and thus should be defined statically in the source code, it can also be defined "dynamically" via environment variables using the [environment placeholders](#using-variable-placeholders).

Author: Thanks for your help @adinakleine 👍 

All suggestions have been applied in this commit: b0a9d85dc886a0ec6c21ae1e209bf28407ba57c7

(I opted for skipping the quotation as suggested)
